> [!cite] Narrator
> Each of you is travelling from different locations, but the views you see are almost identical. Black pools of water stand like dark mirrors in and around the muddy roadway. Giant trees loom on both sides of the road, their branches clawing at the mist.
>
> The fog spills out of the forest to swallow up the road behind you. Ahead, jutting from the impenetrable woods on both sides of the road, are two trees, misplaced among the rest in their attempts to suffocate the road. An old metal field gate hangs between them; dew clings with cold tenacity to the rusted bars. The left tree has been snapped about 10 feet off the ground, with the top section laying discarded a few feet away from its stump. They greet you only with silence.
>
> As you approach, the gate screeches and groans in effort to open for you. You hear whispers in the woods as you step through, and, as you step through the gate, it releases a metallic growl as it closes behind you. Ahead, towering trees, whose tops are lost in heavy grey mist, block out all but a death-grey light. The tree trunks are unnaturally close to one another, and the woods have the silence of a forgotten grave, yet exude the feeling of an unvoiced scream.
>
> As you trek deeper through the bowels of this forest, the fog thickens and any electrics you are relying upon begin to flicker and fail. You spy a structure in the near distance, and begin making your way to it for shelter. You approach, with the fog hanging in the air closing around you, until you can't even see your hand in front of your face.
>
> Breaching the walls of this structure prevents the fog from following you, and the smoky tendrils that gripped you fall off and meld back in to the woods outside of the doorways. "Doorways of what, exactly?" You think as you survey your surroundings - and you're unable to ascertain exactly what it is you're standing in. Its roughly octagonal - about ten feet in diameter - with a crumbling doorway and three neatly cut, but also crumbling, holes that make for windows.
>
> In the centre of the room is a small circular step up, with a hole down to a pit in the middle. Each of you arrives at this location on the same evening.

Let the players introduce themselves to each other and have a fireside chat.

> [!cite] Narrator
> You wake, and [$narrative choice], you smell the unmistakable stench of death on the air.
> 
> > [!cite]- If they choose to follow it 
> > The foul stench leads you to a human corpse half-buried in the underbrush about fifteen feet from the road. A young man, no more than 20. His muddy clothes are torn and raked with claw marks. Ravens have feasted upon the body, leaving gouges on flesh with claws and beak, and they've crosshatched the muddy floor with their claws.
> >> [!danger] Sanity Roll
> > > 0/1d2 upon seeing the dead body
> >
> > The letter in the man's hand has three scimitars set into its wax seal. The parchment is worn and flimsy. Below is the letter:
> >
> > > [!cite]- Colin Kempe
> > > Dear sir,
> >>
> > > My daughter, the fair Irene Kempe, has been these past nights assaulted by a madman. Such things would not normally trouble me beyond ensuring my daughter remains safe in future and apprehending the man involved.
> >>
> > > However, this is different. For centuries, we have heard rumours of the Vampyr of Severndroog Folly; as you may have guessed, by Irene was bitten by this madman. Now, my dear Irene languishes and dies from an unholy wound.
> >>
> > > So I say to you, give us up for dead and do your best to encircle this land with the symbols of good. Let holy men call upon their power that the devil may be contained within the walls of weeping London. Leave our sorrows to our graves, cut the world off from this evil fate of ours.
> >>
> > > There is much wealth entrapped in this community. Return for your reward after we are all departed for a better life.
> >>
> > > Yours faithfully,
> >>
> > > Colin Kempe
> >>
>  >> Chairman, Essex County Council
> >
> > (As you finish reading the letter) You hear a howl. It's close. Looking in to the trees you see a large shape, slowly circling you.
> >
> >A second howl, from further away, swiftly replies. You get the distinct impression that if you stay too long, you'll end up like the poor boy below you.
> >> [!danger] Wolf Attack
> >> The wolves will quickly accumulate and cut the characters off from being able to retreat. When there are 5 wolves surrounding the players, they will attack, and only stop when the players continue on the path to Epping.