> [!tip] I, Strahd: Memoirs of a Vampyr
> _Same voice, same face, same graceful body, she was Tatyana come back to life again. I was absolutely witless from astonishment._
> \- Strahd von Zarovich

The Town of Romford is the saddest place in the land, its residents so terrified of gang violence that they rarely venture from their homes. The village lies in the shadow of London, buried under mist but still unable to hide from the vampyr's sight.

Until recently, the [[Strahd von Zarovich|Professor]] had been silently coming to observe Irene Kempe, daughter of the town's [[Colin Kempe|mayor]]. Irene carries the soul of Strahd's beloved Tatyana and looks exactly like her. Strahd intends to make Irene his bride, turn her in to a vampyr, and lock her away in the castle crypts for all time.

# Romford Town

As the investigators approach Romford:

> [!cite] Narrator
> Tall shapes loom out of the dense fog that surrounds everything. The muddy ground underfoot gives way to slick, wet cobblestones. The tall shapes become recognisable as town houses. The windows of each house stare out from pools of blackness. No sound cuts the silence except for [[The Case of the Missing Girl|mournful sobbing]] that echoes through the streets from a distance.

The sobbing comes from [[Mad Mary's Townhouse]]. With the exception of Billy's Brewery and the Brewery Basement, all the shops in the village are permanently closed, and the unoccupied shops have been looted of anything valuable. Scratches cover most of the internal walls in these buildings.

## House Occupants
If the investigators explore a residence other than Mad Mary's Townhouse or the [[Mayor's Mansion]], roll a d100 and consult the following table to determine the house's occupants.

d100|Occupants|Effects
---|---|---
1-15|None|
16-40|Rats, insects, and other harbingers of plague|
41-75|Family of townsfolk, who chase away the investigators|
76-99|1d4 [[Legion]] gang members|Investigators must make a Medicine or Occult check (player's choice), any passes recognise these to be zombies and must then make a 2/1d8 sanity check
100|1 vampyr spawn|2/1d8 sanity check if this is the first vampyr the investigators have seen
