# Goals
>[!todo]- Turn Irene Kempe
>Strahd's unrequited love for Tatyana drove him to slay his brother, Sergei. Some time ago, Strahd glimpsed the young woman Irene within London, and felt extreme déjà vu. Irene looked exactly like Tatyana! Strahd concluded that Irene must be the latest in a long line of reincarnations of Tatyana, and thus seeks to claim her.
>
>Strahd's evil courtship has led him to visit Irene twice. On both occasions, he charmed his way into her home - the house of her adopted father, the alderman of Essex - and drank her blood. He intends to kill Irene during their next meeting and turn her into his vampire spawn consort.

^543bfe

>[!todo]- Find Doctor Rudolph van Richten
>Although he is usually focused on making [[4. Beliefs#^543bfe|Irene Kempe]] his bride, Strahd has been partially distracted by reports that a vampire hunter has made his way to London to seek an end to Strahd's existence.
>
>It takes more than one old man with a death wish to frighten Strahd; nevertheless, it's not often that Strahd's network are unable to locate said old man for such an extended period of time.
>
>Strahd would very much like to meet the old vampire hunter, lock him in Severndroog Folly Dungeon, and slowly break his spirit.

>[!todo]- Search for a Successor or Consort
>Strahd's network of criminals and spies give him the upper hand when anyone comes to London for anything related to the supernatural. Most are simple-minded idiots looking for a claim to fame, who don't actually believe in anything beyond the parlour tricks they're able to perform, but some are different.
>
>For these people, he will temporarily shift his attention from Irene and Dr Richten to his new guests so that he can determine whether any of them is worthy of being his successor or consort.
>>[!hint]
>>He always decides that none of them can replace him as master of the Ravens, but he doesn't always arrive at this conclusion immediately.
>
>Strahd pays close attention to people who are charismatic and arrogant, like himself. He zeroes in on them, to see what, and how much, they can withstand. If they crumble easily, he loses interest in them. If they exhibit great fortitude and defiance, his interest is piqued - even more so if the character displays uncommon knowledge or beauty.
>
>Such a person might not be worthy to succeed him, but the man or woman might provide amusement to Strahd as a new possession.

# Roleplaying Strahd
Strahd believes his soul is lost to evil. He feels neither pity nor remorse, neither love nor hate. He doesn't suffer anguish or wallow in indignation. He believes, and has always believed, that he is the master of his own fate.

When he was alive, Strahd could admit to letting his emotions get the better of him from time to time. Now, as a vampire, he is more monster than man, with barely a hint of emotion left. He is above the concerns of the living. The only event that occasionally haunts him is the death of Tatyana, but his view of the past is bereft of romance or regret. In his mind, her death couldn't have been prevented, and what is done cannot be undone.

In life, Strahd lived to conquer. In undeath, he conquers still - not the city, but people, driving good souls to become corrupt and destroying those who won't yield. Characters who try to appeal to Strahd's humanity will be gravely disappointed, because there is little humanity left in him. If they ask Strahd why he's preying on Irene Kempe, he tells them that Irene's body is the host for Tatyana's soul, and Tatyana's soul belongs to him.

Strahd can be seductive and subtle when he chooses to be, especially if a person is clever or attractive. Men and women of beauty and cunning amuse Strahd for a time - playthings to possess or discard as he desires.

If he senses a lack of cohesion in a party of investigators, he preys on that weakness and tries to drive a wedge between the characters by promising to help one at the expense of another. If Strahd senses evil in a person, he cultivates that tendency by offering to turn that character into a full-fledged vampire after helping Strahd destroy the rest of the party. Ultimately, Strahd doesn't honour his promise, instead turning the character into a vampire spawn under his control.

Strahd isn't a villain who remains out of sight until the final scene. Far from it; he travels as he desires to any place in London, and - from his perspective - the more often he encounters the characters, the better. The characters can and should meet him multiple times before the final encounter, which most likely takes place in the location determined by the card reading.

When Strahd wants to terrorize the characters, he pays them a visit, either under the cloak of night or beneath overcast skies during the day. If they're indoors, he tries to charm or goad a character into inviting him inside (along with his vampire spawn, if they are present). Strahd and his minions never attack Irene.

These encounters are meant to test the characters, not kill them. After a few rounds of toying with them, Strahd and his creatures withdraw. If the characters retreat, Strahd is likely to allow them to flee, savouring their fear and believing he has broken them.